deployment: Add a paragraph about safely doing back to back upgrades (#1376)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/production/production-deployment.mdx

back an upgrade to an earlier feature release is only supported until the last node
has been updated, so it's important to identify any issues before that point.

> If doing "back to back" upgrades that step through several feature versions of
> Redpanda, then check for each upgrade to fully complete before proceeding to the
> next, by reading the `/v1/features` admin API endpoint and checking that `cluster_version`
> has increased.  Since Redpanda v23.1, this endpoint also includes a `node_latest_version`
> attribute, and installers may check that the cluster has activated any new functionality
> from a previous upgrade by checking for `cluster_version` == `node_latest_version`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If upgrading multiple [feature release versions of Redpanda](../../../../../../manage/kubernetes/rolling-upgrade#find-a-new-version) in succession, make sure to verify that each version upgrades to completion before proceeding to the next version. You can verify by reading the `/v1/features` Admin API endpoint and checking that `cluster_version` has increased. 

  - With Redpanda 23.1 and later, the `/v1/features` endpoint also includes a `node_latest_version` attribute, and installers can verify that the cluster has activated any new functionality from a previous upgrade by checking for `cluster_version` == `node_latest_version`.
```
